TablePanel: Add solid  background cell display mode (#32446)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels/visualizations/table/table-field-options.md

{{< docs-imagebox img="/img/docs/tables/color-text.png" max-width="500px" caption="Color text" class="docs-image--no-shadow" >}}

### Color background (gradient or solid)

> If thresholds are set, then the field background is displayed in the appropriate threshold color. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If thresholds are set, then the field background displays in the appropriate threshold color. 
```

Reviewer 2: +1

### Color background (gradient or solid)

> If thresholds are set, then the field background displays in the appropriate threshold color. 

Reviewer 3: "Displays" is a transitive verb. It needs a direct object or to be in the passive.

Reviewer 2: Then leave it as `is displayed`, where the doer is unimportant.

> If thresholds are set, then the field background displays in the appropriate threshold color. 

Author: ```suggestion
If thresholds are set, then the field background is displayed in the appropriate threshold color. 
```
